Added Developer documentation for streaming responses (#1051)
jupyterlab/jupyter-ai: docs/source/developers/index.md

The streaming functionality uses LangChain's Expression Language (LCEL). LCEL is a declarative way to compose [Runnables](https://python.langchain.com/api_reference/core/runnables/langchain_core.runnables.base.Runnable.html) into chains. Any chain constructed this way will automatically have sync, async, batch, and streaming support. The main composition primitives are RunnableSequence and RunnableParallel.

Creating the LLM chain as a runnable can be seen in the following example from the module `fix.py`, where the appropriate prompt template is piped into the LLM to create a runnable:

```python
def create_llm_chain(
        self, provider: Type[BaseProvider], provider_params: Dict[str, str]
    ):
        unified_parameters = {
            "verbose": True,
            **provider_params,
            **(self.get_model_parameters(provider, provider_params)),
        }
        llm = provider(**unified_parameters)
        self.llm = llm
        prompt_template = FIX_PROMPT_TEMPLATE
        self.prompt_template = prompt_template

        runnable = prompt_template | llm  # type:ignore
        self.llm_chain = runnable
```

> The content of the prompt template fed into the runnable will vary depending on the type of chat handler. The prompt template is populated in the `process_message` function and as an example, see the `/fix` message handling here, where the dictionary `inputs` is passed to the prompt template in the LLM chain:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once your chat handler binds a Runnable to `self.llm_chain` in
`self.create_llm_chain()`, you can define `process_message()` to invoke
`self.stream_reply()`, which streams a reply back to the user using
`self.llm_chain.astream()`. 
`self.stream_reply()` has two required arguments:

- `input`: An input to your LangChain Runnable. This is usually a dictionary
whose keys are input variables specified in your prompt template, but may be
just a string if your Runnable does not use a prompt template.

- `message`: The `HumanChatMessage` being replied to.

An example of `process_message()` can also be sourced from our implementation of `/fix`:
```

        Streams a reply to a human message by invoking
        `self.llm_chain.astream()`. A LangChain `Runnable` instance must be
        bound to `self.llm_chain` before invoking this method.

        Arguments
        ---------
        - `input`: The input to your runnable. The type of `input` depends on
        the runnable in `self.llm_chain`, but is usually a dictionary whose keys
        refer to input variables in your prompt template.

        - `human_msg`: The `HumanChatMessage` being replied to.

        - `config` (optional): A `RunnableConfig` object that specifies
        additional configuration when streaming from the runnable.

        - `pending_msg` (optional): Changes the default pending message from
        "Generating response".
        """
        assert self.llm_chain
        assert isinstance(self.llm_chain, Runnable)
```
The function `stream_reply` in `base.py` first shows a pending message, and
then processes the streamed response in chunks. It is possible to interrupt the
stream in which case `stream_interrupted` is set to `True`. Streaming is
handled by the `astream` method in the `llm_chain`. Streaming concludes
after all chunks have been streamed.

> 

Reviewer: This paragraph can be dropped if the above suggestions are accepted.

Author: Accepted all changes and removed the last paragraph. 
TY @dlqqq for the detailed and helpful review.

Then, install your package so that Jupyter AI adds custom chat handlers
to the existing chat handlers.

> ## Streaming output

Reviewer: This section should focus on "Streaming output from slash commands" for developers. This section should basically instruct developers streaming from custom slash commands to use the new `stream_reply()` method available in the base class, as of v2.26.0. 

- There doesn't need to be any mention of `@file`, since right now, `@file` does not work when embedded in a slash command. Only `DefaultChatHandler` calls the context providers when `@file` is passed.

- There should be an example on how to construct a runnable using LCEL in `self.create_llm_chain()` method.

- There should also be an example on how to use call `self.stream_reply()` within `self.process_message()` to stream a reply from a runnable bound to `self.llm_chain`, set by `self.create_llm_chain()`.

For the examples, it would probably be best to borrow the implementation in `/fix` here: https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyter-ai/pull/1048

I'll review that now so it can be merged.

> Jupyter AI supports streaming output in the chat session. When submitting a chat prompt, the response is streamed so that the time to first token seen is minimal, leading to a pleasing user experience. Streaming the response is also visually pleasing. Streaming output is also enabled when the contextual command `@file` is used, where standard chat is enhanced with supplying a file as context using `@file`. Support for streaming responses in standard chat and contextual chat is provided by the base chat handler in `base.py` through the `BaseChatHandler` class with functions `_start_stream`, `_send_stream_chunk`, and `stream_reply`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Jupyter AI supports streaming output in the chat session. When you send a chat message, the response can be streamed, which provides a smoother user experience. Streaming output is also enabled when you supply a file for extra context using `@file`. Support for streaming responses in standard chat and contextual chat is provided by the base chat handler in `base.py` through the `BaseChatHandler` class with functions `_start_stream`, `_send_stream_chunk`, and `stream_reply`.
```

Copy edits
